hey everyone I'm cat andres tough i just
want to say merry christmas to all and i
got a lot of cool stuff today and
everything and yeah i'm just making this
video to basically say merry christmas
to everyone because i'm being all cliche
like that since everyone else is doing
it and i wanted to do it just to wish
you guys merry christmas i hope you've
had a great time today and look at all
this money i mean i have lots of money
is like about a hundred and seventy
pounds here so it's not really that much
yeah I say it's not that much by mean um
mmm it's quite a lot stow it looks like
a lot like look just look at leas know
like yeah and I also got a bunch of
other stuff um I even see my rooms like
pretty messy right now because I haven't
really like sorted everything out
properly yet but um yeah I got this
necklace my mommy got me this necklace
and oh yeah I got I got a new phone case
from Nicole so that's nice um yeah but
basically I've just you know my days
over now I've had my Christmas dinner go
all the gifts you know my family and are
we going to Christmas party with my
family like tomorrow so that's gonna be
nice as well um yeah so basically this
is me wishing guys Merry Christmas um I
guess I could show you a couple of
things that I have
because i have a bag here merry
christmas and i got some got some rose
petals I might actually go in the bath
in a minute and because they've put my
bath I put them in my bath then that'd
be nice oh and it also this this is a
nice package and it has loads of bus
stuff in it like bath bombs bubble bars
it's small so nice so yeah I've got lots
of stuff for the bath which is very good
right here I've got some path human hair
this is what this is just like a little
gift set with some shower gel and some
body spray goodbye as well um i actually
have another box of puff stuff and
thursday um nice Terry's chocolate
orange so I'll be nice and got some this
is like body butter and soapy stuff and
I also got some clothes this is very
secretive and yeah these are like some
like hot pads like they're a little bit
sexy for me I don't know when I'll wear
those but um yeah I've also got a what a
sexy top of one like this is a little
bit too short for me it sure it'll show
off my belly so I'm not sure if I'm
confident enough to be wearing those
sorts of things at the mainland but I'm
sure maybe I'll get home to it someday
soon as I don't get any fatter and then
I should be able to fit into those
booked another
years i'm hoping so um can't really
think wow I have I have a couple of
other little gifts in a bag over there
but I can't be bothered to get those
I've shown you for the most part what I
got um so yeah maybe it's it's not that
I didn't get that much stuff but I got
fair amount of stuff and I'm how oh
actually i got i got these slippers how
are you sniff is right now the little
kitty cat slippers yeah just like for
hearing these right now so yeah um oh
actually I want to show you something
this is one of my favorite gifts it's a
Hello Kitty makeup bag now I really
needed a new makeup bag so this is like
off my belt so this is like amazing
right I really need a new makeup bag and
it's hello kitty and i love how to get
you in I'm just so happy you get to keep
all my makeup in here so cute I just
love it so much yeah um anyway Merry
Christmas once again happy holidays
whatever you celebrate or whatever but
uh yeah have a great Christmas and i'll
see you guys all in the next video